Why don't you touch it?
No, no.
No.
Just describe it to me, and I won't touch it.
I heard from the doctor at the hospital in town
If my disease is not cured, it will become cancer
Is that true?
It really is.
But I have a way to cure your disease.
As long as you cooperate well with my treatment
It's not going to be cancer.
Really? Hmm?
You don't have to go to the hospital for treatment
Not to mention hygiene
I can cure you standing at home
At home?
Don't worry.
I won't do anything bad to you with acupuncture only.
I'm not afraid of you, you are so nice
How could you do something bad to me?
OK, starting tomorrow.
Mei is responsible for taking care of you
I am in charge of treatment
Sister Mei is very nice
I like him a lot.
But I'm afraid he will dislike me.
How come?
You are staying at our house these days.
It is equivalent to Sister Mei having an extra playmate.
Can you talk to him more?
I'm already very happy
Do you think that in fact, the village
I don't want to associate with Sister Mei
Is it because of the severed palm?
I don't believe this
Believe that people's destiny is in their own hands
How could it be controlled by a broken palm pattern?
I also hope
You and Mei can become good friends
Take care of her for me if you have time
I'm already very happy
As long as she doesn't dislike me